Web Serial API - consistency updates (#44153)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serial/requestport/index.md

    - `filters` {{optional_inline}}
      - : A list of objects containing vendor, product, or Bluetooth service class IDs used to filter the specific device types made available for the user to request a connection to.
        If no filters are specified, the user is presented with a list of every available device to choose from.
        Filters can contain the following values:
        - `bluetoothServiceClassId` {{optional_inline}}
          - : A positive integer or string representing a Bluetooth service class ID.
            This can be a 16- or 32-bit UUID alias, any valid UUID, or a valid name from a [GATT assigned services key](https://github.com/WebBluetoothCG/registries/blob/master/gatt_assigned_services.txt).
        - `usbVendorId` {{optional_inline}}
          - : A positive integer that identifies a USB device vendor.
            The [USB Implementors Forum](https://www.usb.org/) assigns IDs to specific vendors.
        - `usbProductId` {{optional_inline}}
          - : A positive integer that identifies a USB device.
            Each vendor assigns IDs to its products.
    - `allowedBluetoothServiceClassIds` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : A list of unsigned long integers and/or strings representing Bluetooth service class IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : A list of positive integers and/or strings representing Bluetooth service class IDs.
```

Just for consistency with your other changes?

- `NotFoundError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : The returned `Promise` rejects with this exception if the user does not select a port when prompted.

## Description

When the user first visits a site it will not have permission to access any serial devices.

> A site must first call `requestPort()` to prompt the user to select which device the site should be allowed to control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A site must first call `requestPort()` to prompt the user to select which devices the site should be allowed to control.
```

Or is it only one device at a time? In which case, is it worth clarifying that you must call it multiple times for multiple devices? I'm not sure if this is really that important, just me being picky.

Reviewer 2: (FYI it's only one device at a time)

Author: Thanks @gregstoll , that is what I was going to say :-). 

I think if you trust that the author means "device" it is obvious that the you need to call it multiple times. Good to think about these things though.
